The eldest prince was once a fraud,
The real one had been killed long ago,
Sure he hits the pads, why not wear him,
If encountered, if the knot is worn on the mat,
Over there, there are no words to show off the people in the world who killed the eldest prince.
Ah, when I met him going out,
It's dark now,
Since he dares to pretend to be the eldest prince,
Then I will put him on my bed to seek life and death.
Can't die,
Ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Third brother is so angry
What are you doing? Nuannang is angry.
My brother is coming today
There is a way
I see your gravity is equal to your job
Let our big brother
Yes Countertest
I will listen to it
What about this yellow hatred?
Said from the best
But no two words
This is quite difficult
I will go to each other and beg for mercy
Guaranteed after two terms
You will show up in the end for the sake of good, I am so divided
Please lie to me
You can't live but you can't die.
I'll draw the line
It seems that this tuition fee
We don’t have a good relationship with this big classmate of ours.